[Guide updates] Setup experience: Install software when company-owned iOS/iPadOS hosts enroll (#34348)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/macos-setup-experience.md

2. Click **Add software**, then select or search for the software you want installed during the setup experience.
3. Press **Save** to save your selection.

> To see the end user experience on iOS/iPadOS, check out the [iOS video](TODO) and [iPadOS video](TODO).

Author: ```suggestion
To see the end user experience on iOS/iPadOS, check out the [iOS video](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/_XXNGrQPqys) and [iPadOS video](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/IIzo4NyUolM).
```
